Fix a broken MD link in callout (#54772)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/how-to-guides/block-tutorial/writing-your-first-block-type.md

There are two main types of blocks: static and dynamic, this guide focuses on static blocks. A static block is used to insert HTML content into the post and save it with the post. A dynamic block builds the content on the fly when rendered on the front end, see the [dynamic blocks guide](/docs/how-to-guides/block-tutorial/creating-dynamic-blocks.md).

<div class="callout callout-alert">

> This guide focuses on just the block, see the <a href="/docs/getting-started/create-block">Create a Block tutorial</a> for a complete setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide focuses on just the block, see the <a href="https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/getting-started/create-block/">Create a Block tutorial</a> for a complete setup.
```

If it is a relative path, when this change is reflected in the handbook, the following URL that does not exist will be accessed.

```
https://developer.wordpress.org/docs/getting-started/create-block
```

It's better to use the full URL.
